Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing?
I'm going to tell you all about a dream I had two nights ago.
This is how the dream goes; I'll just get right to it because I don't want to waste your time.
In the dream, I was sleeping and I wake up.
I'm looking out the window at my house, and I pick up my phone and see all these news bulletins on my phone from YouTube and friends trying to tell me what was going on.
I start seeing that there is a major announcement by the United States government.
I see the President, but in this dream, it's President Trump again.
President Trump is holding a podium with the presidential seal on it, and he starts talking.
He has a blue suit on with a white shirt and a red tie, just like he usually wears, but it was a really bright blue suit.
He was very somber in his face and he said, 'My fellow Americans.
' Basically, he says, 'I have an announcement to make.
There's another virus.
' He starts explaining to everybody that this virus is basically a new virus that is going to dwarf COVID—it made COVID look like it was a wimpy virus compared to what this new virus is.
The death ratio was skyrocketing even higher than COVID did.
This started in Europe, which was interesting, and he was making an announcement that we were going on lockdowns again instantaneously.
I felt like, 'Oh no, this is what I saw.
' In my dream, I'm thinking, 'This is what the Lord showed me.
This is the virus that I've warned you all about, and here it comes.
' I was thinking in the dream that I'm not prepared enough and I need to get more supplies.
He was calling for a major lockdown.
He was calling for no international flights coming in or going out.
He was telling everybody that we were going on another lockdown—an extended lockdown for twenty-some days—to stop the spread because there were some cases in America that were here in the Northeast.
He was taking precautions to lock everything down because of what was happening overseas.
People were perishing, like I told you all, and they were heavy-set, obese people.
I just remember watching the news in the dream, and then when he made the announcement that we were going on lockdowns again, people panicked.
They were hitting the grocery stores and the Walmart superstores, wiping stuff out and buying everything they could get their hands on.
People were in a panic because of what they had already lived through; they already knew what was coming.
People were acting crazy in the grocery stores, not just about toilet paper this time, but about everything—chips, whatever they could get their hands on—filling their buggies.
It was that way for everything.
I remember watching the news in the dream, which was such a weird dream, with all the major news networks talking about this being a new virus and a new pandemic, and that it dwarfs COVID.
They kept saying in their speech that the death toll ratio is going to dwarf COVID.
Basically, that was the dream, but I just remember feeling uneasy in my dream because of what the Lord had shown me prophetically already prior to the dream, warning you all.
It was very eerie.
I just wanted to come on and tell you all that.
I know you probably say, 'It was just a dream,' but I'm telling you all, when the Lord talks to me, I know it when I wake up and I remember things.
He's speaking to me through that, saying, 'Here it is again, I'm warning you.
' I almost didn't even say anything about it, but I just felt like I should.
Like I said, I'm a watchman.
If you think this is pizza or some bad Chinese food I had that night—which I don't eat anyway—you could take it and put it on a shelf.
But I felt in my heart it was serious enough to tell you all.
I thought it was cool because Trump was behind the podium talking; it wasn't Biden.
That was interesting.
It was in the spring again; I could see the leaves on the trees coming out.
It was just like whenever they locked everything down with COVID in the spring, and they were doing it again.
But this time it did not start in Asia; it started in Europe, England, and France.
It was already going on before, so people were watching it, and then he made the announcement.
It looked like it was weeks prior, similar to COVID, but I thought it was interesting that there were no flights.
He said he was locking down all air traffic.
I even perceived that they were locking down state-to-state travel and not allowing people to travel by airplane, which I think would be over the top.
But that's what I was seeing—that they were locking down airplanes and people in closed areas because it was an airborne virus.
It was not by fluids; it was airborne.
I'm not coming on to try to scare you; I come on here to warn you so you can take it and pray over it with me.
It really is heavy because I've been feeling it, praying over things, and interceding over what I've warned you about.
So I just want to pray for you all today.
Father, I just thank You, Lord, for every single warning You give us.
You never want us to be caught off guard, in fear, worry, or torment.
You're a good Father and You warn us of what's to come.
I thank You, Father, that we are prepared not just physically or mentally, but spiritually.
We know who we are in Christ.
We take our authority and our rightful place seated next to You, and we use that authority against all sickness and disease.
You said in Your Word that a thousand should fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it would not come nigh us.
I thank You, Lord, that if this virus was to come about—and I pray it doesn't—we have Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
You've warned me several times that there was a storm coming; You warned me about this virus.
I think this is the third time now You've talked to me about this, even in my dreams.
I thank You, Father, that You protect us.
I thank You, Lord, that our angels will bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I thank You, Father, that we're doing what it takes to take care of our flesh, getting the weight off, exercising, and honoring our temples so that we are physically fit and will live long and finish strong.
I plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us.
I thank You, Father, that You have our future.
You know our future more than we know our past, and You have a plan for our lives.
I thank You that You said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
' I thank You, Father, that we are prosperous in our spirit, soul, and body—mentally, emotionally, physically, and financially sound in Jesus' name.
I thank You, Lord, that Trump would win instead of Joe Biden.
I plead the blood of Jesus over our nation, that we'd have godly leadership if we were to go into something like this again—somebody in there with some sense, leading this country, who would have the knowing of how to help us and would do a better job than they did last time.
Father, I thank You that we're not going to be afraid of whatever comes because we trust You.
We confidently trust in the finished work of Jesus Christ, that He paid the price for us to walk in victory over sickness, disease, death, and all torment of fear.
It doesn't matter, God.
I know that You have a plan for our lives and for these people on this YouTube channel.
I bless them in the name of Jesus.
I bless their marriages, their children, and their houses.
I say, Father, in the name of Jesus, You are our Father and we love You, God, and we know You love us.
In Jesus' name we pray, amen.
So I hope this blessed you today.
I just felt like you should know.
I appreciate it if you could like my video to help us with the algorithm.
Comment down below if you've had dreams about a new virus or if you've seen something coming, if the Lord's warned you about something strong that was more deadly than COVID.
I ask you to be polite in the comment section; don't be rude.
Let's just be friends here and all get along.
I appreciate all your support.
God bless you guys.
Put a smile on your face and God bless you all.
I might say 'guys' because I forget the ladies sometimes—I don't mean to.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We will see you next time.
Y'all have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.